A glass of wine is 1,000 yuan
Brother Hui is really atmospheric, I'll come first
Is your sister fun?
Brother, you are so bad
Yiyi, remember
Our Su family is the first residence in Jiangcheng
One Finger's famous family
As the dignified eldest lady of the Su family
If you don't bully others
How can we be worthy of our family's billions of dollars?
Oh, I see.
Mr. Zhou's appraisal results are out
Great, great.
Liu Jing is Yiyi
That's my daughter Yiyi.
I'm going to call and share this good news with you
I didn't say hello
Husband, where are you?
I'm on my way to the airport.
I have good news to share with you
That's great news.
Just say it
What good news?
Our daughter Yiyi
I got her!
Pardon me?
I've sent someone to take him home
He's at home right now.
You are waiting for me at home.
I'll be right back